README.md, before:

# Laravel Mobile Detect

A package that enables you to use device detection right in your Blade templates. (Utilises the well-known, constantly updated [PHP mobile detection library](http://mobiledetect.net/).)

### When would you use this package?
Responsive CSS may help to make content in the browser look nice on different devices but it won't help you serve responsive content from your backend (at least not the easy way). This can have a really bad knock-on effect on the user experience (have you ever waited for a large image to load while having a bad connection on your mobile?). This package will make it a breeze to serve device-specific content right from your back-end.

### How does this package work?
The package implements various Blade directives that you can use to serve different content from your Blade template for different device types.

### Installation

Install the package through composer:

```sh
$ composer require riverskies/laravel-mobile-detect
```

Add the service provider to your **config/app.php** file:

```php
Riverskies\Laravel\MobileDetect\MobileDetectServiceProvider::class
```

Optionally, you can add an alias as well if you'd like to use the underlying instance anywhere else (or have access to all the functions):
```php
'MobileDetect' => 'Riverskies\Laravel\MobileDetect\Facades\MobileDetect::class
```

Use the new Blade directives in your template files:

```php
@desktop
    <img src="/path/to/high-definition/image"/>
@elsedesktop
    <img src="/path/to/handheld-optimised/image"/>
@enddesktop
```

### Available directives
`@desktop`, `@elsedesktop`, `@enddesktop` - for destkop devices

`@handheld`, `@elsehandheld`, `@endhandheld` - for non-desktop (mobile and tablet) devices

`@tablet`, `@elsetablet`, `@endtablet` - for tablet devices

`@nottablet`, `@elsenottablet`, `@endnottablet` - for non-tablet (desktop or mobile) devices

`@mobile`, `@elsemobile`, `@endmobile` - for mobile devices

`@notmobile`, `@elsenotmobile`, `@endnotmobile` - for non-mobile (desktop or tablet) devices

The usage of `@else...` directives are optional.

Commit message:

Update readme file with iOS and Android directive options

README.md, after:

# Laravel Mobile Detect

A package that enables you to use device detection right in your Blade templates. (Utilises the well-known, constantly updated [PHP mobile detection library](http://mobiledetect.net/).)

### When would you use this package?
Responsive CSS may help to make content in the browser look nice on different devices but it won't help you serve responsive content from your backend (at least not the easy way). This can have a really bad knock-on effect on the user experience (have you ever waited for a large image to load while having a bad connection on your mobile?). This package will make it a breeze to serve device-specific content right from your back-end.

### How does this package work?
The package implements various Blade directives that you can use to serve different content from your Blade template for different device types.

### Installation

Install the package through composer:

```sh
$ composer require riverskies/laravel-mobile-detect
```

Add the service provider to your **config/app.php** file:

```php
Riverskies\Laravel\MobileDetect\MobileDetectServiceProvider::class
```

Optionally, you can add an alias as well if you'd like to use the underlying instance anywhere else (or have access to all the functions):
```php
'MobileDetect' => 'Riverskies\Laravel\MobileDetect\Facades\MobileDetect::class
```

Use the new Blade directives in your template files:

```php
@desktop
    <img src="/path/to/high-definition/image"/>
@elsedesktop
    <img src="/path/to/handheld-optimised/image"/>
@enddesktop
```

### Available directives
`@desktop`, `@elsedesktop`, `@enddesktop` - for destkop devices

`@handheld`, `@elsehandheld`, `@endhandheld` - for non-desktop (mobile and tablet) devices

`@tablet`, `@elsetablet`, `@endtablet` - for tablet devices

`@nottablet`, `@elsenottablet`, `@endnottablet` - for non-tablet (desktop or mobile) devices

`@mobile`, `@elsemobile`, `@endmobile` - for mobile devices

`@notmobile`, `@elsenotmobile`, `@endnotmobile` - for non-mobile (desktop or tablet) devices

`@ios`, `@elseios`, `@endios` - for iOS platforms

`@android`, `@elseandroid`, `@endandroid` - for Android platforms

The usage of `@else...` directives are optional.
